# PIC-rucio-server-k8s
# Rucio  ##  Data Management for science in the Big Data era.  Rucio is a project that provides services and associated libraries for allowing scientific collaborations to manage large volumes of data spread across facilities at multiple institutions and organisations. Rucio has been developed by the `ATLAS &lt;https://atlas.cern/>`_ experiment. It offers advanced features, is highly scalable and modular.  ## QuickStart  Add the Rucio Helm repository to your local Helm installation and install it using:  ```bash $ helm repo add rucio https://rucio.github.io/helm-charts $ helm install rucio/rucio-server ```  ## Introduction  This chart bootstraps a Rucio server deployment and service on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm Package manager.  ## Installing the Chart  To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:  ```bash $ helm install --name my-release rucio/rucio-server ```  The command deploys a Rucio server on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration, i.e., 2 replicas using an un-initialised SQLite database without an ingress. To fully use this chart an already bootstraped database is necessary. The server can then be configured to use the DB.  To install the chart so that is will connected to a MySQL DB running at `mysql.db` with the user `rucio` and password `rucio`:  ```bash $ helm install --name my-release --set config.database.default="mysql://rucio:rucio@mysql.db/rucio" rucio/rucio-server ```  ## Configuration  The default configuration values for this chart are listed in `values.yaml` our you can get them with: ./install_rucio.sh
